# Interpretable Prediction of Drug-Drug Interactions via Text Embedding in Biomedical Literature

Authors: Sunwoo Jung, Sunyong Yoo

## Description

We introduce a deep learning-based model for predicting DDIs using biomedical literature.

The dataset and source code used in the study have been provided. 

- Data
  - Includes the data necessary for running the code, such as embedding vector dictionaries and DDI data.
- Model
  - Includes code for training and performance evaluation.
  - Training can be performed in two ways: standard training or using the BayesianOptimization tuner. For BayesianOptimization, `Tensorflow==2.0.5`, `keras-tuner==1.0.1` are recommended.
  - After training, the model is saved in the Mode_save directory
- Data_generate
  - Contains the code required to generate train, validation, and test datasets for training and testing.
  - The generated data is saved in the Generated_data folder.
- Generated_data
  - Stores the train, test, and validation datasets generated by Data_generate.
- Analysis
  - Includes code for analyzing key sentences based on attention and for creating similarity plots.
- Cuation
  - Since the generated data will be large, it is recommended to ensure sufficient storage space before running the code.
 
## How to use

1. Run Data_processing.ipynb for generate training data.
2. Run Model.ipynb or Model_with_Bayesian.ipynb for training.
3. Run Evaluation.ipynb for evaluation.
4. Run Attention_analysis.ipynb or Similarity_plot.ipynb if you want analysis.


## Dependency 

The packages that this depends on
`Python==3.7`
`Tensorflow==2.4.0`
`Scikit-learn==1.4.1`
`Keras==2.15.0`

## Contact 

If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to create an issue on github here, or email us:
- swjung@jnu.ac.kr
- syyoo@jnu.ac.kr
